Scripts for a compiler matrix (#656)
LLNL/RAJAPerf: docs/sphinx/user_guide/run.rst

.. note:: You can pass the ``--dryrun`` command-line option to the executable
          to see a summary of how the Suite will execute by showing run
          parameters without actually running it. You can pass any other

>           command-line options when doing a "dryrun" and you will see

Author: ```suggestion
          command-line options when doing a "dry run" and you will see
```

=========================
Compiler matrix workflow
=========================

For compiler sweeps, use ``scripts/lc-builds/run_compiler_matrix.sh`` rather
than invoking a single build script by hand. The matrix driver reads a compiler
list file, sources the selected build script for each line, builds each
configuration, and then runs the Suite with the launcher command you provide
via ``--run-cmd``.

A typical invocation looks like::

  $ ./scripts/lc-builds/run_compiler_matrix.sh toss4_amdclang.sh compiler_list.txt \
      --run-cmd "srun -N1 -n1 -c 64 --" --kernel-file kernels.txt -- --dryrun

The trailing ``--`` in ``--run-cmd`` is part of the launcher prefix. It tells
``srun`` to stop parsing its own options so the matrix script can append
``./bin/raja-perf.exe`` and the RAJAPerf run arguments after it.

The compiler list file contains one build configuration per non-comment line.
If you pass ``from-list`` as the build-script argument, the first token on each
line names the build script and the remaining tokens are passed to that script.

The generated ``*-kernel-run-data.csv`` files can then be merged and plotted
with the processing scripts in ``scripts/`` such as

> ``scripts/build_compiler_matrix.py`` and ``scripts/kh_compiler_matrix.py``.

Author: ```suggestion
``scripts/build_compiler_matrix.py`` where it will generate corresponding plots.
```
